### Problem 2

In this problem, we are going to create a backend API service and write a script to process some CSV files and send the data to the server.

#### Part 1

- Create a backend REST service in the Java Dropwizard web framework that takes the following endpoints and can perform the following actions. Also add swagger to the server and document the endpoints.

  - GET /nonprofits
    - Returns a list of nonprofits

  - POST /nonprofits
    - Creates a new nonprofit (id is autogenerated)

  - GET /nonprofits/{id}
    - Returns a nonprofit by id

  - PUT /nonprofits/{id}
    - Updates a nonprofit by id
    
  - GET /nonprofits/{id}/submissions
    - Returns a list of submissions for a nonprofit

  - POST /nonprofits/{id}/submissions
    - Creates a new submission for a nonprofit (id is autogenerated)

  - GET /nonprofits/{id}/submissions/{id}
    - Returns a submission by id for a nonprofit
    
  - PUT /nonprofits/{id}/submissions/{id}
    - Updates a submission by id for a nonprofit
    
  - GET /nonprofits/submissions
    - Returns a list of submissions for all nonprofits

The models to use are below. Feel free to make assumptions about the models. Every model should have an autogenerated id. Nonprofits have a one-to-many relationship with submissions.

Note that you do not need to persist the data in a database. You can store the data in memory.

Nonprofit

- Id
- Legal Name
- EIN (string tax id)
- Mission
- Address (Nested object)
  - Street
  - City
  - State
  - Zip

Grant Submission

- Id
- Nonprofit Id
- Grant Name
- Requested Amount
- Awarded Amount
- Grant Type (enum of OPERATING_GRANT, PROJECT_GRANT OTHER)
- Tags (List of strings)
- Duration (Nested Object)
  - Grant Start
  - Grant End

#### Part 2

Use the script in the first problem to generate the types from this new swagger service. Then use those types to write a script that does the following:

- Parses the `nonprofit_data.csv` file and creates a new nonprofit for each row in the csv file with the necessary fields populated
- Parses the `nonprofit_submission_data.csv` file and creates a new submission for each row in the csv file with the necessary fields populated

After running the script, the data should be loaded into the backend server.

Add your solution as a folder to this directory. Be prepared to run and discuss your solution for both the backend service and script.
